I will come back.
Now I promised that in the last week in the last video that we would be going into styling.
But actually there's a small improvement that I'd like to make and suggest to you before we proceed
.
And that is see how this search page is always doing the same Twitter request is always doing the same
Computers and filter images.
Wouldn't it be nice if we could change that dynamically.
Wouldn't it be nice if we could allow the user to select what they want to search for.
Well you can you can do that.
You have the necessary knowledge somewhere in there to change that and make it dynamic and and give
you a couple of hints.
The way that I would do it is by using my own query string parameter but passed into the search.
So why would do is I would say
you know for example cars plus filter images what I would say is that when a user arrives at the search
page they should pass an equally strong parameter and then I would retrieve that query string parameter
and pass it in there.
I think you can do that because we've looked at using and some where previously requests aren't there
.
We looked at using request args before which allows us to get the value of the query string parameter
So I would encourage you to do that.
I think you can do it.
So to take a moment to attempt that and then we'll do it here.
OK.
Hopefully you got it the way I would do that a C query equals request no args don't get Q Where that
Q is the name of the query string parameter and the content of query is going to be the content of that
we used in parameter cost plus filter images
and then what I would do is instead of computer plus filtered images I would just do that and then dot
format query that is going to replace the query contents for that kill it save that and restart the
app and then we're going to go over there and do the search for cars and filter images.
And now we have something else.
Now I'm assuming these things are cars but a lot of it is in Japanese.
I can't really read it and there's a car there for that matter and I don't know.
And there's some bad words in there as well so you didn't read though.
But nevertheless that is how you would do that.
So that's what I wanted to encourage you to attempt.
Make sure you're using your knowledge to expand these applications in whatever way you you deem appropriate
as that is the best way to learn.
I repeat myself.
OK.
That's everything for this video.
Thanks for watching.
I'll see you in the very next hour and we're promised we're going to get starting with we're going to
get started with styling.
I'll see you there.